[Docs Rewrite] Remove "Using Immutable.js" page (#4053)
reduxjs/redux: docs/understanding/history-and-design/PriorArt.md

Unlike Flux, **Redux does not have the concept of a Dispatcher**. This is because it relies on pure functions instead of event emitters, and pure functions are easy to compose and don't need an additional entity managing them. Depending on how you view Flux, you may see this as either a deviation or an implementation detail. Flux has often been [described as `(state, action) => state`](https://speakerdeck.com/jmorrell/jsconf-uy-flux-those-who-forget-the-past-dot-dot-dot-1). In this sense, Redux is true to the Flux architecture, but makes it simpler thanks to pure functions.

> Another important difference from Flux is that **Redux assumes you never mutate your data**. You can use plain objects and arrays for your state just fine, but mutating them inside the reducers is strongly discouraged. You should always return a new object, which is easy with the [object spread operator proposal](../../recipes/UsingObjectSpreadOperator.md).

Reviewer: :hand: Let's rewrite this a bit:

```suggestion
Another important difference from Flux is that **Redux assumes you never mutate your data**. You can use plain objects and arrays for your state just fine, but mutating them inside the reducers is strongly discouraged. You should always return a new object, which can be done using the [object spread operator](../../recipes/UsingObjectSpreadOperator.md) or [the Immer immutable update library](https://immerjs.github.io/immer/).
```

Unlike Redux, Elm is a language, so it is able to benefit from many things like enforced purity, static typing, out of the box immutability, and pattern matching (using the `case` expression). Even if you don't plan to use Elm, you should read about the Elm architecture, and play with it. There is an interesting [JavaScript library playground implementing similar ideas](https://github.com/paldepind/noname-functional-frontend-framework). We should look there for inspiration on Redux! One way that we can get closer to the static typing of Elm is by [using a gradual typing solution like Flow](https://github.com/reduxjs/redux/issues/290).

### Immer

> [Immer](https://immerjs.github.io/immer/) is a JavaScript library implementing persistent data structures. It is performant and has an idiomatic JavaScript API. Immer operates on normal JavaScript objects and arrays.

Reviewer: :hand: Immer does _not_ use "persistent data structures".  

I would actually say let's revert the changes to this paragraph entirely, because Redux _was_ inspired by Immutable.js

> Immer and most similar libraries are orthogonal to Redux. Feel free to use them together!

Reviewer: :hand: but let's rewrite this sentence:

```suggestion
(Note that while Immutable.js helped inspire Redux, today we recommend [using Immer for immutable updates instead](../../style-guide/style-guide.md#use-immer-for-writing-immutable-updates).)
```
